Fetch Test Notes
================
To test code, use simulated.microscope file and tile small surface at 50x50x10 mm and mark as safe, and mark some internal area at 50x50x10 mm explorable. The simulation 
produces an ellipsoidal simulated brain.
  
1. File Numbering:             To enusre file numbering increases from one session to another, start an auto tile run and collect images.
	                       Stop it part way and close the session. Open another session and make sure FileSeries has incremented.
	                       Start run, and set Time/Date on computer so that it is a different day to make sure FileSeries resets to zero.

2. Auto Tiling At Fixed z:     To test auto tiling at fixed z, start an auto tile run until images begin to be collected.
			       Stop run and check box "Skip Surface Find On Image Resume." Click run, and imaging should resume immediately.
			       Repeat, but now uncheck the box "Skip Surface Find on Image Resume." Click run, and surface find should begin/complete, followed by imaging.

3. Slice Thickness Correction: To test slice thickness correction, try changing the correction and make sure it is actually changing via, eg. tasks/Vibratome.cpp.
			       Make sure when stop and restart software, the previous value was saved/used.
			       Ensure only valid values can be set and that the current slice thickness correction label is updated properly.

4. TCP Server on Startup:      Check that TCP Server is starting on software startup.

5. Stage Backup Distance:      The desired backup distance is settable in the .microscope file, but the actual backup distance used must be greater than 0.5 mm, with a
			       minimum stage Z height of 8 mm. This should be checked in, eg., tasks/Vibratome.cpp.

6. Search Region Can Shrink:   The simulated brain is ellipsoidal, meaning that the search region should grow up to the middle of the brain, beyond which it should shrink.
			       The "done" tiles of one slice should be used as the "explorable" tiles in the next slice.

7. Scheduled Stop:	       Checking the "Schedule Stop After Next Cut" checkbox should stop auto tile acquisition once a cut has been performed and the stage has been
			       moved back to its next starting location. Once stopped, the checkbox should automatically uncheck.

8. Settable Z For Imaging:     If skip surface find is selected when using 3D tiling, then imaging should resume at the stage's current Z.

9. Z Equals Cut Count:	       In the outputted .acquisition files, the "z" lattice position should be set equal to cut_count.

10. Dilation After Completion: Active tiles should not be dilated when exploration is stopped, but rather should only occur when exploration finishes appropriately.

11. Adaptive Tiling Offset:    "every" in adaptive_tiling in the .microscope file should be the gap between tiles used for surface find in two dimensions.

12. Explored Tile Coloring:    Explored tiles should be pink.

13. Improved Tile Selection:   When drawing a selection rectangle, the selected tiles should be those with their centers within the rectangle.

14. 2D Tiling:		       By default, 2D tiling should be used. This can be checked by performing a short acquisition and then exploring in z to make sure each slice
			       is the same. Make sure acquisition behave as normal (including autosaving) for both 2D and 3D.      